[BXMSDOC-7598] Mention XStream security change in Release Notes (#3468)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/drools-docs/src/main/asciidoc/ReleaseNotes/ReleaseNotesDrools.7.53.0.Final/secure-xstream.adoc

[id='secure-xstream']

> = `BatchExecutionHelperProviderImpl.newXStreamMarshaller()` creates a secure XStream instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= `BatchExecutionHelperProviderImpl.newXStreamMarshaller()` method creates a secure `XStream` instance
```

> Now `BatchExecutionHelperProviderImpl.newXStreamMarshaller()` creates a secure `XStream` instance. It means that the `XStream` instance accepts only pre-defined kie classes in payloads by default. If you use the `XStream` instance created by the method, you need to add allowed classes (for example, domain model classes) in your application code. Otherwise you will hit a ForbiddenClassException.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now the `BatchExecutionHelperProviderImpl.newXStreamMarshaller()` method creates a secure `XStream` instance. It means that the `XStream` instance accepts only pre-defined KIE classes in payloads by default. If you use the `XStream` instance created by the method, you need to add allowed classes, for example, domain model classes in your application code. Otherwise, the ForbiddenClassException occurs.
```
